Use dune_enable_all_packages to export dumux-precice as module library (#27)
precice/dumux-adapter: doc/user/docs/example-usage.md

# Adapter usage

Please check out the examples in the `examples/` directory to get an idea on how to use the adapter.

> To use the adapter in a separate DUNE module, call `dune_enable_all_packages()` in `CMakeLists.txt`. If `libdumux-precice` is built as a static library, additionally discover preCICE with `find_package` as done in the root `CMakeLists.txt`. To build the adapter library as a dynamic library, use the CMake option `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON` to build `dumux-precice` and upstream modules.

Reviewer: Can you be more explicit about which `CMakeLists.txt` does one need to add the call to? I understand that this is probably the `CMakeLists.txt` of the module which intends to use the adapter.

```suggestion
To use the adapter in a separate DUNE module, call `dune_enable_all_packages()` in `CMakeLists.txt`. If `libdumux-precice` is built as a static library, preCICE needs to be explicitly discovered with `find_package` as done in the root `CMakeLists.txt`. To build the adapter library as a dynamic library, use the CMake option `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON` to build `dumux-precice` and upstream modules.
```
